# Terms of Service Agreement

THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made between EMURGO Co., Ltd. ("Company") and any person or entity ("User") who completes the process to download, utilize, or operate the software known as the Yoroi cryptocurrency Wallet application, and data processing service, application, communication service or other content or offered or provided with the software by the Company ("Software"). The Company and User are collectively referred to as the "Parties". BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON OR ACCESSING, USING OR INSTALLING ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE, USER EXPRESSLY AGREES TO AND CONSENTS TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF USER DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE USER SHALL NOT BE AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS, USE OR INSTALL ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE.

## 1. Rights and Obligations

**a. Description.** The Software functions as a free, open source, digital cryptocurrency wallet. The Software does not constitute an account by which the Company or any other third parties serve as financial intermediaries or custodians of User's ADA or any other cryptocurrency. While the Software has undergone beta testing and continues to be improved by feedback from the developers community, open-source contributors and beta-testers, the Company cannot guarantee that there will be no bugs in the Software. User acknowledges that User's use of the Software is at User's risk, discretion and in compliance with all applicable laws. User is responsible for safekeeping User's passwords, PINs, private keys, redemption keys, shielded vending keys, backup recovery mnemonic passphrases, ADA passcodes and any other codes User uses to access the Software or any information, ADA, voucher, or other cryptocurrency unit. IF USER LOSES ACCESS TO USER'S CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET OR PRIVATE KEYS AND HAS NOT SEPARATELY STORED A BACKUP OF USER'S CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET OR BACKUP RECOVERY MNEMONIC PHRASE(S) AND CORRESPONDING PASSWORD(S), USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY ADA OR ANY OTHER CRYPTOCURRENCIES USER HAS ASSOCIATED WITH THAT CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET WILL BECOME INACCESSIBLE. All transaction requests are irreversible. The Company and its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates and agents cannot guarantee transaction confirmation or retrieve User's private keys or passwords if User loses or forgets them.

**b. Accessibility.** User agrees that from time to time the Software may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs which the Company may undertake from time to time; or (iii) causes beyond the control of the Company or which are not reasonably foreseeable by the Company.

**c. Equipment.** User shall be solely responsible for providing, maintaining and ensuring compatibility with the Software, all hardware, software, electrical and other physical requirements for User's use of the Software, including, without limitation, telecommunications and internet access connections and links, web browsers or other equipment, programs and services required to access and use the Software.

**d. Security.** User shall be solely responsible for the security, confidentiality and integrity of all information and content that User receives, transmits through or stores on the Software. User shall be solely responsible for any authorized or unauthorized access to any account of User by any person. User agrees to bear all responsibility for the confidentiality of User's security devices, information, keys, and passwords.

**e. Privacy.** When reasonably practicable, the Company will attempt to respect User's privacy. The Company will not monitor, edit, or disclose any personal information about User or User's account, including its contents or User's use of the Software, without User's prior consent unless the Company believes in good faith that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of the Company; (iii) enforce this Agreement; (iv) protect the interests of users of the Software other than User or any other person; or (v) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of the Company's services or equipment, including the Software as authorized by law. User has no expectation of privacy with respect to the Internet generally. User's IP address is transmitted and recorded with each message or other information User sends from the Software.

## 2. Taxes and Fees

All currency conversion charges, third party fees, sales, use, value-added, personal property or other tax, duty or levy of any kind, including interest and penalties thereon, whether imposed now or hereinafter by any governmental entity, and fees incurred by User by reason of User's access, use or installation of the Software shall be the sole responsibility of User.

## 3. User Representations

User represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) if User is a natural person, User is over the age of eighteen (18); (b) User has the power and authority to enter into and perform User's obligations under this Agreement; (c) all information provided by User to the Company is truthful, accurate and complete; (d) User will comply with all laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction with regard to User's access, use or installation of the Software; (e) User shall comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions set forth at Section 4; and (f) User has provided and will provide accurate and complete information as required for access, use or installation of the Software.

## 4. Prohibited Uses

User is solely responsible for any and all acts and omissions that occur under User's account, security information, keys or password, and User agrees not to engage in unacceptable use of the Software, which includes, without limitation, use of the Software to: (a) disseminate, store or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters or unsolicited commercial email; (b) disseminate or transmit material that, to a reasonable person may be abusive, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, vulgar, threatening or malicious; (c) disseminate, store or transmit files, graphics, software or other material that actually or potentially infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any person; (d) create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any person as to the identity or origin of any communication; (e) export, re-export or permit downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of any applicable jurisdiction, or without all required approvals, licenses or exemptions; (f) interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to other accounts on the Software or any other computer network; or (g) disseminate, store or transmit viruses, Trojan horses or any other malicious code or program.

## 5. Termination

This Agreement is effective upon User's acceptance as set forth herein and shall continue in full force so long as User engages in any access, use or installation of the Software. The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice, at any time and for any reason, to: (a) remove or disable access to all or any portion of the Software; (b) suspend User's access to or use of all or any portion of the Software; and (c) terminate this Agreement.

## 6. Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT USER'S SOLE RISK. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, NOR DOES THE COMPANY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO ANY RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED BY USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE COMPANY MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTY OF SUITABILITY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTY OF TITLE OR INTEREST, OR WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT.

## Limitação de responsabilidade

EM NENHUM CASO A EMPRESA OU SEUS ACIONISTAS, DIRETORES, OFICIAIS, FUNCIONÁRIOS, AFILIADOS OU AGENTES, OU QUALQUER DELES OU SEUS PRESTADORES DE SERVIÇOS, SERÃO RESPONSÁVEIS PELO USUÁRIO OU QUALQUER TERCEIRA PARTE PARA QUALQUER USO, INTERRUPÇÃO, ATRASO OU INABILIDADE DE USO DO SISTEMA, RECEITAS OU LUCROS PERDIDOS, ATRASOS, INTERRUPÇÕES OU PERDA DE SERVIÇOS, NEGÓCIOS OU PROSPECTOS DE NEGÓCIOS, PERDA OU CORRUPÇÃO DE DADOS, PERDA RESULTANTE DE FALHA DO SERVIÇO OU DO SISTEMA, FUNCIONAMENTO OU DESLIGAMENTO, FALHA EM TRANSFERIR, LER OU TRANSMITIR INFORMAÇÃO PRECISAMENTE, ATUALIZAR OU FORNECER INFORMAÇÕES CORRETAS, INCOMPATIBILIDADE DO SISTEMA OU FORNECIMENTO DE INFORMAÇÕES DE COMPATIBILIDADE INCORRETA OU QUEBRA NA SEGURANÇA DO SISTEMA, OU QUAISQUER DANOS CONSEQÜENTES, INCIDENTAIS, INDIRETOS, EXEMPLARES, ESPECIAIS OU DANOS PUNITIVOS, SEJA CONCEBIDO NESTE CONTRATO, TORT (INCLUINDO NEGLIGÊNCIA) OU DE OUTRO MODO, INDEPENDENTE DE O QUANTO OS DANOS ERAM PREVISÍVEIS E SE NÓS SABIAMOS OU NÃO DA POSSIBILIDADE DESSE DANOS OCORREREM. EM NENHUM CASO A EMPRESA OU SEUS ACIONISTAS, DIRETORES, OFICIAIS, FUNCIONÁRIOS, AFILIADOS OU AGENTES, OU QUALQUER DE LES OU SEUS RESPECTIVOS PRESTADORES DE SERVIÇOS, SERÃO RESPONSÁVEIS POR QUALQUER REIVINDICAÇÃO, DANO OU OUTRA RESPONSABILIDADE, SEJA EM AÇÃO DE CONTRATO, AÇÃO DE OUTRA FORMA, DECORRENTE OU DE QUALQUER FORMA RELACIONADA AO ACESSO, USO OU INSTALAÇÃO DO SISTEMA PELO USUÁRIO. ALGUMAS JURISDIÇÕES PROIBEM A EXCLUSÃO OU LIMITAÇÃO DE DANOS INCIDENTAIS OU CONSEQÜENCIAIS, POR ISSO, ESTA LIMITAÇÃO DE RESPONSABILIDADE PODE NÃO SE APLICAR AO USUÁRIO. SE O USUÁRIO NÃO ESTIVER SATISFEITO COM OS SISTEMA, É DE SUA E APENAS SUA RESPONSABILIDADE O CESSAMENTO DO USO.

## Indenização

O Usuário concorda em indenizar, isentar e defender a Empresa, seus acionistas, diretores, executivos, funcionários, afiliados e agentes ("Partes Indenizadas") de e contra qualquer ação, causa, reclamação, dano, dívida, demanda ou responsabilidade, incluindo razoáveis custos e honorários advocatícios, declarados por qualquer pessoa, decorrentes ou relacionados (a) este Contrato; (b) Acesso do usuário, uso ou instalação do Sistema pelo Usuário, incluindo quaisquer dados ou trabalhos transmitidos ou recebidos pelo Usuário; (c) qualquer uso inaceitável do Software por qualquer pessoa, incluindo, sem limitação, qualquer declaração, dado ou conteúdo criado, transmitido ou republicado pelo Usuário ou qualquer pessoa que seja proibida como inaceitável na Seção 4. ESTA INDENIZAÇÃO INCLUI A INDENIZAÇÃO EXPRESSA DA EMPRESA E DE TODAS AS PARTES INDENIZADAS POR QUALQUER ALEGADA NEGLIGÊNCIA (INCLUINDO QUALQUER NEGLIGÊNCIA ALEGADA COMO GROSSEIRA). OU OUTRAS ALEGADAS DESVIOS DE CONDUTA DA EMPRESA OU DE QUALQUER PARTE INDENIZADA.

## Propriedade Intellectual

A Empresa mantém todos os direitos, títulos e interesses de e para todas as marcas, logotipos e marcas comerciais da Empresa, incluindo, entre outros, EMURGO Co., Ltd., EMURGO, Yoroi, Carteira de criptomoedas Yoroi, Carteira Yoroi, Yoroi App e variações da redação das marcas, logotipos e marcas comerciais acima mencionados.

## Advertências

O Usuário reconhece que a Empresa não será responsável por transferir, proteger ou manter chaves privadas e/ou ADA do Usuário ou qualquer outra criptomoeda. Se o Usuário e/ou qualquer autoridade de assinatura conjunta perder, manipular incorretamente ou tiver roubado chaves privadas associadas, ou se os assinantes do usuário se recusarem a fornecer a autoridade necessária, o Usuário reconhece que o Usuário pode não ser capaz de recuperar sua(s) ADA ou qualquer outra criptomoeda e que a empresa não será responsável por tal perda.

O Usuário reconhece e concorda que a trasferência de ADA ou qualquer outra transação de criptomoeda facilitada pelo Software e / ou pela Empresa pode se atrasar e que a Empresa não será responsável por nenhuma perda associada. O Usuário reconhece e concorda que a Empresa não se responsabiliza por nenhum aspecto das informações, conteúdos ou serviços contidos em materiais de terceiros ou em sites de terceiros acessíveis ou vinculados ao Sistema e / ou à Empresa.

O Usuário concorda que nunca deve compartilhar o certificado do Usuário com nenhuma pessoa física ou jurídica, incluindo a Empresa, a Fundação Cardano, a Input Output HK Limited ou qualquer outra entidade. Além disso, o Usuário reconhece que o compartilhamento do certificado do Usuário pode resultar na perda de sua(s) ADA ou em qualquer outra criptomoeda, e o Usuário concorda que a Empresa não será responsável por tal perda. O Usuário reconhece e concorda que, ao resgatar ADA na rede de teste, o Usuário resgata apenas ADA de teste e que, para resgatar ADA real, o Usuário deve repetir o procedimento na rede principal, uma vez liberado.

Ao usar o Software, o Usuário reconhece e concorda: (i) que a Empresa não é responsável pela operação dos protocolos subjacentes e que a Empresa não garante sua funcionalidade, segurança ou disponibilidade; e (ii) que os protocolos subjacentes estão sujeitos a alterações repentinas da rede principal nas regras operacionais ("forks") e que esses fork podem afetar materialmente o valor e / ou a função da ADA ou qualquer outra criptomoeda que o Usuário armazena em no sistema. No caso de uma fork, o Usuário concorda que a Empresa pode suspender temporariamente as operações do Sistema (com ou sem aviso prévio ao Usuário) e que a Empresa pode, a seu exclusivo critério, (a) configurar ou reconfigurar seus sistemas ou (b) decidir não apoiar totalmente (ou deixar de apoiar) o protocolo bifurcado, desde que, no entanto, o Usuário tenha a oportunidade de retirar fundos do Sistema. O Usuário reconhece e concorda que a Empresa não assume absolutamente nenhuma responsabilidade em relação a uma ramificação não suportada de um protocolo bifurcado.

## Diversos

**a. Amendment.** The Company shall have the right, at any time and without notice, to add to or modify the terms of this Agreement, simply by delivering such amended terms to User by electronic message through any medium to any address provided to the Company by User. User's access to or use of the Software after the date such amended terms are delivered to User shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of such amended terms.

**b. Severance.** If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is, or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this Article shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement.

**c. Entire Agreement – Disclaimer of Reliance**. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings between the Parties. User expressly represents and warrants that it is not relying upon any statements, understandings, representations, expectations or agreements other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement.

**d. THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION.** User agrees that any and all disputes or claims against any person arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement or the access, use or installation of the Software by User or any other person shall be subject to binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. The location of the arbitration shall be Japan. The language of the arbitration shall be English.

**e. LANGUAGE.** Any translation of this Agreement is made for purposes of local reference only and in the event of any inconsistency between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this Agreement shall prevail and govern in all respects.